Okay,
guys.
And welcome to this section.
Now,
you may have looked at the title and wondered what on earth the practical application of
what can they have for dinner would be now,
Because I do a lot of consultancy work and interim work.
I'm generally new imposed on what happens I find in new organizations is they normally have
a suite of report where you can extract all kinds of useful data,
but without the experience of having bean there for a year or two and knowing which reports
give you which data room which format I use this project fold the one that we're about to
build.
So typically,
one I would do is I would run each of the reports in each of their permutations,
load them into a project file exactly like this one.
But where we will have the ingredients,
I will actually at the name of the fields.
So once I have built the project file,
say,
for argument sake Oh,
want to create a report or extract a report that gives me a product code a description on a
by price.
I'll just load those criteria into the front cheats on this project.
file,
and it will automatically point me to the appropriate report.
So that saves me having to keep running reports and running more reports until I find the
one that I actually want.
So they go,
No,
you have some context for it.
Let's crack on and actually create the project.
I'll see you in the next lecture.